# Week 6, Monday Start of Sprint 1 Meeting
### Talking Assignments (Sorted by importance)
    - Next Monday(5/17), pipeline, adr, and video due. 
    - Video is due at 6 BEFORE our meeting. 
    - Thursday 5-9 we will host another group meeting (6-7 of us).
    - We picked our rabbit hole to be our first ADR document 
    - All program pairs will have coded by Thursday 5/14.
    - Complete sprint retro 1 by the 18th!!!
    - Discussed the must implement features we will be using
    - Need to ask Deepak what it means about team health?
    - Splitting into pairs we will work on features we discussed and approved to go forward such as tools like bootstrap. 
    - Margarita's idea about mental health was a success, she and others will focus on this during expeirimental programming

   ### Team Status 
    1. Calendar Weekly/Monthly/Daily View (Me, Karan)
    2. To-do list, Checkboxes in to-do list (Yujie, Anoop)
    3. Tasks, marked as priority/important (Yujie, Anoop) Integrete #2 and #3 together
    4. Diary (Calvin, TBA )
    5. Sticky Notes (Calvin, TBA )
    6. Mood Tracker (Margarita, TBA )
   ### Big Decisions
    - Decided on landscape 
    - Cut back on many other features such as budgeting, dashboard, and whiteboard.
    - A lot of exploration of technology we will use, (custom components, bootstrap, APIs, etc)
    
### Going Forward:
  - We are going focus on getting our ADR documentations ready and pipelines.
  - Additionally we will be splitting into pair programming to work on experimental programming.
  - Will need to discuss code quality, conventions, documentations as a team. 
  - We will avoid vaccuum programming and try to spread out our group work for a healthy bus factor. 
### Attendance ###
- [x] Margartia Leonova
- [x] Calvin Qin
- [x] Alex Ramirez
- [x] Yujie Zhang
- [x] Amita Stowitts
- [x] Karan Sidhu
- [x] Anoop Gunawardhena
- [x] Joshua Santillan
