# Week 8, Tuesday Meeting To go over RetroSpective

### Deepak Meeting Notes
## Things to implement
 - Assign points - estimation it will take
 - GitHub projects - pull request, links, for good context, issues
 - What the user story was and what sprint it was tied to.

 - Go create a card, create an issue to say need to implement xyzy feature.
 - Open issue gives how many issues we are currently dealing with.

 - Implement a Current backlog.
    - Never take up an issue without opening at ticket (Jira ticket for example) Card on GitHub board, 
    - For every minor fix, (maybe 30 mins) still need a tracker for fixing it, want exact context of what’s needed. 
    
  - Project manager - who has noted and needs the issue fixed and try to follow the basics

## A rubrik will be posted to follow (Check back later*)

## Things to think about
  - 1-2 of us will be testing full time around next week.
  - Work on good test coverage. 
  - focus on Tools, Deepak reccomends jest unit testing, cypress end-to-end testing
  - We need good documentations, for example on all our functions (JSDocs) And we can add event listeners below their corresponding functions:
    - function()
    - eventListener
    - Prettier as our linter 
    - Codacity for code review
    - 
## Going Forward
  - We will start Integrating components This week
  - This Thursday have current implantation and new hi-fidelity out to show during our meeting

  - Instead of picking up a new feature polish up a new timeline.
  - Extra time - will add slight animations or Easter egg, personality. 
  - MVP out by this weekend, lab will be around testing,
  - We wil lstart to think about how we will test our application more intuitively.



## AFTER DEEPAK MEETING Notes

  - Will need to add extra div containers to hold sticky notes as well as our  mood tracker

  - In addition for our calendar will sort task by priority and show the current date.


  - Retrospective Discuss: talk about sprint, end of sprint, saying what we are suggesting to do, what went bad what went great…
  - As a team we discuss for the next sprint we will be doing x y and z

### Attendance ###
- [x] Margartia Leonova
- [x] Calvin Qin
- [x] Alex Ramirez
- [x] Yujie Zhang
- [x] Amita Stowitts
- [x] Karan Sidhu
- [x] Anoop Gunawardhena
- [x] Joshua Santillan
